On the previous section, we have seen
that memory in computers is arranged in a hierarchy,
and the reason why this is done is related to the processing speed of modern CPUs,
and also to the high prices of fast memory in the market.
So small amounts of fast memory are combined with large amounts of
slow memory to meet the needs of the CPU and the programmer's wallet.
Now the cache is the intermediary in-between those two poles.
It grabs data from slow memory from which it
believes that the CPU might need it in the near future,
and also data that will probably not be needed anytime soon is purged from cache memory.
There are two major principles with caches which are
called spatial and temporal locality,
and as a C++ program,
we can exploit these principles to produce faster and more efficient code.
Sometimes a tiny change is enough to significantly increase the speed of a program,
and sadly this is also true the other way around.
So let's take a look at caches,
cache levels, and customer-friendly programming.